Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
WITHIN MINUTES
EARTH'S BAKERIES
WILL BE WIPED OUT.
NOT A SINGLE CHEESE DANISH
WILL REMAIN.
THEY'LL ALL BE OURS!
[CHUCKLES]
CHEESE DANISH?
WE ARE 1,000 MILES
BELOW THE SURFACE
OF THE EARTH.
DO YOU REALIZE
HOW HARD IT IS
TO GET A DECENT
SNACK DOWN HERE?
NOT SO FAST, SHREDDER.
YEAH, THERE ARE
PEOPLE UP THERE
WHO NEED THOSE
CHEESE DANISHES.
THE TEENAGE MUTANT
NINJA WIMPS.
LET'S TAKE THEM!
LIKE, WHAT'S
THE PLAN, LEONARDO?
WELL, WE COULD
CUT TO THE LEFT,
OR MAYBE TO THE RIGHT.
I CAN'T DECIDE.
THANKS. YOU'VE BEEN
A HUGE HELP.
COME ON, DONATELLO.
ALL RIGHT, BE BOP,
IT'S TIME TO TANGLE
WITH TURTLES.
INTERRUPT MY DINNER,
WILL YOU?
NOW I KNOW HOW
A MEATBALL FEELS.
SAY YOUR PRAYERS,
HOG BREATH.
DO ME A FAVOR
AND BLOW.
FANTABULOSO!
A MONSTER KILLER PIZZA!
HOLD THE ANCHOVIES!
THERE'S ONLY YOU NOW,
LEONARDO.
GET HIM!
YEOW!
SET LOOSE
THE VICIOUS DOGS.
WELL, LEONARDO,
WHAT A DISASTROUS LEADER
YOU TURNED OUT TO BE.
YOU'RE IN THE SOUP NOW--
TURTLE SOUP, THAT IS.
OH! WHAT A NIGHTMARE.
WHAT COULD IT MEAN?
IS IT SOME SORT OF OMEN?
I JUST NEED SOMEONE
TO PRACTICE WITH.
WHAT'S WRONG, LEONARDO?
OH, IT'S THAT DREAM.
I FEEL IT WAS A WARNING
THAT MY JUDGMENT IS
BEGINNING TO FAIL.
YOU'LL BE JUST FINE.
NOW COME ON.
HAIEE!
THAT'S IT.
NOW YOU ATTACK ME.
YEOW!
OOH!
AW, YOU SEE?
IT'S HAPPENING.
MY INSTINCTS ARE SHOT.
MY JUDGMENT IS GONE.
OH, I'M NO LONGER
FIT TO LEAD ANYONE.
HEY, LIGHTEN UP, DUDE.
EVERYBODY GOOFS UP
ONCE IN A WHILE.
AFTER ALL,
TURTLES ARE ONLY HUMAN.
FORGET IT. GUYS. I'LL ONLY
GET YOU INTO TROUBLE.
I'VE THOUGHT ABOUT IT,
AND I MUST LEAVE.
MASTER SPLINTER,
YOU'VE GOT TO TALK
LEONARDO OUT OF LEAVING.
THERE'S AN ANCIENT
JAPANESE SAYING,
"HE WHO WOULD BE
A BOULDER
ON THE PATH OF LIFE
MUST FIRST BE A PEBBLE."
I DON'T GET IT.
PERHAPS IT LOSES SOMETHING
IN TRANSLATION.
THAT'S FAR ENOUGH.
YOU WILL SEE THAT
NO ONE IN UNIFORM
AND DEFINITELY
NO TURTLES ENTER
THE BUILDING.
NOBODY IN UNIFORM.
NO TURTLES.
INSTRUCTIONS ASSIMILATED.
THIS HAD BETTER WORK,
SHREDDER!
TRUST ME, KRANG.
IT CANNOT FAIL.
THERE IT IS,
THE MILE HIGH TOWERS.
I WONDER WHAT'S UP?
I DON'T KNOW.
SOMETHING ABOUT A ROBOT
BARRICADING THE ENTRANCE.
THERE'S
THE ROBOT NOW!
UNIFORMS! UNIFORMS!
ENTRANCE DENIED.
YAA!
OH! OOH!
WHOA!
AND WHAT HAVE WE LEARNED
FROM THIS LESSON?
NEVER MESS
WITH A ROBOT.
WHAT'S TAKING
SO LONG, SHREDDER?
PATIENCE, KRANG.
IN A SHORT TIME,
THE CITIZENS WILL BE
TOO COLD TO RESIST US.
THE SOLAR SIPHON
WILL SOON DRAIN
ALL THE ENERGY
FROM THE SUN,
AND STORE IT IN THESE
SOLAR BATTERIES,
WHILE THE ENTIRE
PLANET IS TURNED
INTO A DEEP FREEZE
THAT WILL MAKE
THE ICE AGE
SEEM LIKE
A TURKISH BATH!
WHOO, YOU HAVE
A WAY WITH WORDS,
SHREDDER!
WELL, ACTUALLY,
I ALWAYS WANTED
TO BE A WRITER.
BEING A RUTHLESS
CONQUEROR WAS
MY SECOND CHOICE.
WHERE COULD
LEONARDO HAVE
GONE TO?
THE DUDE'S ACTING
MONDO BIZARRO.
WE NEVER SHOULD'VE
LET HIM GO.
BRR! IT IS RIGHTEOUSLY COLD.
I CAN'T BELIVE
IT'S THE MIDDLE
OF JULY.
SCOPE THAT OUT, DUDES.
IS MY EYESIGHT
GOING,
OR IS THE SUN
ACTUALLY GETTING
SMALLER?
IT'S SCIENTIFICALLY
IMPOSSIBLE.
NOW COME ON.
LET'S KEEP LOOKING
FOR LEONARDO.
THIS IS TOTALLY NUTSOID.
NOW IT'S SNOWING.
I'VE GOT A FEELING
OUR OLD FRIEND
SHREDDER'S
BEHIND THIS.
WHAT MAKES YOU SAY THAT?
WELL,
ISN'T HE ALWAYS?
YOU HAVE TO TELL US
WHAT TO DO, MASTER!
LEONARDO'S GONE.
AND THERE SEEMS
TO BE SOMETHING
RADICALLY WRONG
WITH THE SUN.
THIS IS A LIFE
EXPERIENCE, MY STUDENTS.
EACH OF YOU
MUST LEARN FROM IT.
SO, LIKE,
WHO'S GONNA
BE THE LEADER?
MAYBE WE COULD
FLIP FOR IT.
BETTER YET, WE'LL PLAY
SPIN THE PIZZA.
ALL RIGHT, MONDO NOTION!
HERE GOES.
LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE IT, RAPHAEL.
HOW ABOUT
TWO OUT OF THREE?
OH, NO WAY, DUDE.
YOU'RE THE BIG CHEESE NOW.
TELL US, FEARLESS LEADER.
WHAT DO WE DO NOW?
UH, I DON'T KNOW.
GO UP TOP AND
LOOK AROUND?
SEE? THAT WASN'T
SO HARD, WAS IT?
ARGH! IT'S STUCK.
ALLOW ME.
WHAT NOW,
LEADER DUDE?
WHEN IN DOUBT,
CLIMB ON OUT.
WHOA, DIG ALL THIS SNOW.
LET'S HOPE
WE DON'T HAVE TO.
IT'S LOOKS EXACTLY
LIKE THE NORTH POLE.
YOU'RE JUST SAYING THAT
BECAUSE OF THE POLAR BEAR.
POLAR BEAR?
NICE LEADING, LEADER.
GUYS, I DON'T THINK
I WANT TO BE
LEADER ANYMORE.
YOUR FORMER LEADER
SAYS...
RUN!
OH, NO, YOU CAN'T
RESIGN THAT EASILY.
WHOA!
AAH!
COWABUNGA!
WHOA!
THIS IS IMPOSSIBLE.
IT'S LIKE WE REALLY
ARE IN THE ARCTIC.
I, UH, NEVER FOUGHT
A POLAR BEAR BEFORE.
WHAT DO I DO?
HEY, WHY ARE YOU
ASKING ME? YOU'RE
THE LEADER.
HEY, LOOKIE,
POLAR DUDE,
A TROUTSICLE.
COME ON, AMIGOS,
LET'S MAKE
TURTLE TRACKS.
I TOLD YOU THIS WASN'T
THE ARCTIC. LOOK.
RAPHEAL, YOU BROUGHT US
UP RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE ZOO.
WELL, IT'S FREE,
ISN'T IT?
CHILL, DUDES.
WE GOTTA FIGURE OUT
WHAT'S MAKING
THE SUN SHRINK.
SOMETHING IS DRAINING
ITS SOLAR ENERGY
AND ITS SUBSTANCE.
GREAT. NOW WHAT
DO WE DO?
SIMPLE. WE USE THIS
ENERGY TRACKER I INVENTED
TO LEAD US TO THE SOURCE
OF THE SOLAR DRAIN.
THAT DOES IT.
YOU HAVE ALL
THE ANSWERS.
YOU BE THE LEADER.
ALL RIGHT.
NOW, THE SOURCES
OF THE SOLAR DRAIN
IS DUE EAST OF HERE.
WELL, LET'S BOOGIE.
HEY, LET'S NOT RUSH
INTO THIS, GENTLEMEN.
FIRST, WE HAVE TO CALCULATE
THE VECTOR COORDINATES
IN ORDER TO TRIANGULATE
THE CORRECT ROUTE.
YOU SAID IT'S EAST,
SO LET'S GO EAST!
LOOK, I'M THE LEADER AND
WE'RE GONNA DO IT MY WAY.
WHY DO I GET
THE FEELING THAT I
MADE A BIG MISTAKE?
IRMA, I T-TOLD YOU
TO TURN UP THE H-HEAT.
WHAT H-HEAT? THERE'S
ICE IN THE FURNACE.
WHAT'S GOING ON
WITH THIS FREAK WEATHER?
AND WHY ISN'T ANYONE
COVERING THIS STORY?
BECAUSE WE'RE
ALL T-T-TOO BUSY
COVERING OURSELVES.
APRIL, G-GET IN HERE.
YES, MR. THOMPSON?
I WANT YOU TO GET HOT
ON THIS COLD STORY.
NO CAN DO, BOSS.
THE CITY'S UNDER
6 FEET OF SNOW.
AND WE CAN'T EVEN GET
THE FRONT DOORS OPEN!
BUT WE CAN'T
JUST SIT HERE.
WE'VE GOT
TO DO SOMETHING.
I'D CALL THE TURTLES,
BUT MY TURTLECOM'S FROZEN.
THE WEATHER'S
TURNING COLDER.
I SHOULD'VE PICKED
A WARMER DISGUISE,
BUT IT'S JUST LIKE ME
TO MAKE THE WRONG DECISION.
OH, I HOPE THE OTHERS
ARE DOING OK.
WHAT AM I SAYING?
WITHOUT ME
HOLDING THEM BACK,
I'LL BET THEY'RE
RIGHT ON TOP OF THINGS.
I GUESS YOU REALIZE
THIS MEANS WAR.
OH, YEAH? I'LL ROLL OVER YOU
LIKE A PIZZA CUTTER
THROUGH HOT MOZZARELLA, DUDE!
IF THE ANGLE
OF REFRACTION
EQUALS COSINE OF
THE CUBE ROOT...
OH, YEAH? TAKE THAT.
OH, SURE.
IF YOU'LL TAKE THESE.
AND BISECT THE HYPOTENUSE'S
OBTUSE ANGLE...
DONATELLO, WHILE
YOU'RE DOODLING,
THE ENTIRE PLANET
IS TURNING INTO
A GIANT SNOW CONE.
EAST IS THAT WAY.
THEN CALCULATE
THE DENOMINATOR.
I'VE GOT IT!
EAST IS THAT WAY.
OH!
THE SOLAR BATTERIES
ARE NEARLY FULL,
WHILE THE SUN
IS DRAINING RAPIDLY.
EXCELLENT! SOON EVERY
LIVING BEING ON THIS PLANET
WILL BE CRYOGENICALLY
FROZEN.
WE'LL THAW THEM OUT
AS WE NEED THEM.
EVERYONE ON EARTH
WILL BE OUR WILLING SLAVES.
DID YOU HEAR THAT,
BEBOP?
WE GET
OUR OWN SLAVES.
YEAH, A COUPLE
OF STUPID WIMPS
WE CAN PUSH AROUND.
ROCK STEADY, BEBOP,
GET OVER HERE.
HEY, WE AIN'T
YOUR SLAVES,
YOU KNOW.
OH, YOU'RE NOT, HUH?
YII! NO FAIR!
WHERE'S THAT
ABE LINCOLN GUY
WHEN YOU
NEED HIM?
AHA! THIS IS THE PLACE.
YOU'RE KIDDING,
RIGHT?
DONATELLO,
THAT'S A SCHOOLHOUSE.
YOU CAN'T ARGUE
WITH SCIENTIFIC DATA.
OK, YOU'RE THE LEADER.
HOLY GUACAMOLE!
NOW THIS IS
WHAT I'D CALL
A COOL SCHOOL!
COME ON, WE'VE GOT TO
FIND THAT SOLAR DRAIN.
UH-OH! SOUNDS
LIKE TROUBLE
IN SHIVER CITY.
OH, GREAT. NOW WE'RE
TRAPPED IN HERE.
WHOA, HOW WEIRD!
WE'RE BEING KEPT IN
AFTER SCHOOL
AND WITHOUT
A TEACHER.
NO PROBLEM, GUYS.
ONCE WE PUT THAT
SOLAR DEVICE OUT
OF COMMISSION,
ALL THE SNOW WILL THAW.
ACCORDING TO
THE ENERGY TRACKER,
IT'S UP IN
THE BELL TOWER.
WHOA!
AAH!
LOOK OUT!
WHOA!
NOW I KNOW WHY
THEY CALL IT BREAKDANCING.
I THINK I BROKE SOMETHING.
FELLAS, WE'RE GOING TO NEED
OUR NINJA CLIMBING GEAR.
THESE FOOT CLEATS
SURE COME IN HANDY.
YEAH, EVEN THOUGH WE HAD
TO LOOK ALL OVER TOWN
FOR TURTLE WIDTHS.
[BEEPING]
WE FOUND IT.
THAT'S WHAT'S
SHRINKING THE SUN?
UH, NO, ACTUALLY IT'S
SOMETHING THAT'S DESIGNED
TO TRICK MY ENERGY TRACKER
INTO THINKING IT'S WHAT'S
SHRINKING THE SUN.
IN OTHER WORDS,
WE'VE BEEN SNOOKERED.
WELL, THAT'S NOT ALL.
BESIDES BEING
A TRANSMITTER,
IT'S ALSO A BOMB.
STUPID QUESTION TIME--
WHEN DOES THE BOMB
GO OFF?
EXACTLY 10 SECONDS FROM NOW!
THIS THING IS GONNA
EXPLODE IN 10 SECONDS!
SOME LEADER YOU
TURNED OUT TO BE!
LEADING US RIGHT
INTO A TRAP.
MICHELANGELO,
CUT THAT BELL DOWN.
WAY AHEAD OF YOU, BUD!
BOMBS AWAY!
WHOA!
AAH!
LOOK OUT BELOW!
COMING IN!
WELL, DUDES,
I'D SAY SCHOOL'S OUT.
DID I MISS DAYLIGHT
SAVINGS TIME?
ISN'T IT GETTING DARK
KIND OF EARLY?
DEFINITELY BIZARRO.
ACCORDING TO THAT
BIG OFFICE CLOCK,
IT'S ONLY 3:00
IN THE AFTERNOON.
LOOK, THE SUN HAS
SHRUNK SO MUCH,
IT'S THE SAME SIZE
AS THE OTHER STARS.
SWELL. NOW W
UH, NO PROBLEM.
MY ENERGY TRACKER
SHOULD LEAD US
STRAIGHT TO
THE DRAINING
DEVICE...
WELL, THAT IS,
IT WOULD HAVE,
IF IT HADN'T
BEEN DAMAGED.
BUT DON'T WORRY.
I'VE GOT A SPARE.
HEY, WHERE IS YOUR SPARE?
BACK AT THE LAIR.
WHERE ELSE?
I HATE TO SAY THIS,
BUT I GUESS THIS MAKES
YOU THE LEADER NOW.
ALL RIGHT! I
ALWAYS WANTED TO BE
THE BIG KAHUNA.
UH... WHAT DO
YOU THINK WE
OUGHT TO DO?
HOW DID I KNOW HE WAS
GONNA SAY THAT?
DON'T GO NEAR
THE BRIDGE, SONNY!
THE SNOW'S
GOT IT OVERWEIGHTED.
SEE WHAT I MEAN?
WOW.
EVERYBODY TALKS
ABOUT THE WEATHER,
BUT NOBODY'S DOING
ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
HE'S RIGHT. THE WHOLE
WORLD'S IN DANGER.
AND ALL I'VE THOUGHT
ABOUT IS MYSELF.
WELL, I'M GOING BACK.
OOH! OOH!
WE'RE ALL GOING
TO FREEZE TO DEATH.
I JUST KNOW IT.
NOW WE WON'T, IRMA.
IF I CAN BUILD A FIRE,
WE CAN DEFROST
MY TURTLECOM
AND GET HELP!
THERE. IT'S BURNING.
QUICK, IRMA, THROW SOME
FUEL ON IT!
HERE, USE THIS.
I DIDN'T MEAN
THE TURTLECOM.
OOPS.
UH, RAPHAEL,
I THINK WE'RE LOST.
YOU'RE JUST SAYING THAT
BECAUSE WE DON'T KNOW
WHERE WE ARE.
FACE IT. WE'RE NEVER
GOING TO FIND LEONARDO.
OR THIS MYSTERIOUS DEVICE
THAT'S DRAINING
THE SUN'S ENERGY.
OH, THAT PART'S CINCHY.
IT'S RIGHT THERE.
IT'S THE MILE HIGH
TOWERS!
MICHELANGELO,
YOU FOUND IT.
HEY, LIKE, THAT'S WHY
I'M THE LEADER.
THE GIZMO MUST
BE RIGHT UP THERE.
OK, NOW, LET ME DO
THE TALKING, ALL RIGHT?
REMEMBER,
I'M THE LEADER.
HIT THE SLUSH!
IT'S SOME LITTLE
ROBOT DUDE.
TURTLES! TURTLES!
YOU WILL NOT PASS.
WELL, LEADER,
WHAT'S THE STRATEGY NOW?
OH, SIMPLE.
WE SURROUND
THE ENEMY DUDE
WITH A TWO-PRONGED
ATTACK.
I SAW IT IN
A MOVIE ONCE.
I CAN'T ARGUE WITH
LOGIC LIKE THAT.
UH-OH. WHO PROGRAMMED
THIS ROBOT, KING KONG?
AAH!
OH, HOSTILE LITTLE GUY.
LEONARDO!
GREAT TIMING, COMPADRE.
I KNEW
YOU GUYS WOULD
GET INTO TROUBLE
WITHOUT ME.
YOU COULDN'T LET A GUY
DOWN EASY, COULD YOU?
HI, GUYS.
SORRY I'M LATE.
ALL RIGHT!
DONATELLO'S BACK, TOO.
THE AWESOME FOURSOME
TOGETHER AGAIN.
HOW DID YOU FIND US, DUDE?
OH, SIMPLE.
I DETERMINED
THE COEFFICIENT
OF ENERGY MEASURED
IN ERGS,
I TRIANGULATED
THE APPROXIMATE
LOCATION,
AND THEN I LOOKED
UP AND SAW
THE FIREWORKS.
ALL THIS CHIT-CHAT
IS REALLY KEEN,
BUT IF WE DON'T
GET UP THERE QUICK,
THIS IS GONNA TURN INTO
A 2-PART EPISODE!
LET'S GO, TURTLES.
LOOK AT THIS PLACE.
IT'S FROZEN SOLID.
WE'LL NEVER GET TO
THE ROOF ON THAT STAIRCASE.
FORGET IT.
THE ELEVATOR'S
FROZEN SOLID.
THAT'S NEVER
STOPPED US
TURTLES BEFORE.
IN A MATTER
OF MINUTES,
THE SOLAR BATTERIES
WILL BE FULL,
AND WE WILL BE
ABSOLUTE RULERS
OF THE EARTH!
YOU WANT TO DOUBLE-CHECK
THAT TIMETABLE?
THE TURTLES!
TIME TO BOOGIE,
DUDES!
GET THEM!
EASIER SAID THAN DONE,
LEADHEAD.
AAH!
HEY, WHO TURNED
ON THE LIGHTS?
WHOA!
AAH!
YOU WRETCHED
REPTILES,
I'LL STOP YOU.
WHY NOT TAKE HOME
A FEW SOUVENIRS
FROM YOUR VISIT?
I'LL FIX YOU!
WOULD YOU CARE TO TANGLE
WITH THIS TURTLE?
AAH!
LET'S TURN
THE HEAT BACK ON.
WE'RE SURROUNDED.
EMERGENCY ESCAPE!
WHAT THE HECK?
PARACHUTES!
HAVE A NICE DAY.
WE GOT TO FOLLOW THEM.
COWABUNGA!
WHEE-HA!
THEY GOT AAIN.
THEY'RE PROBABLY
HALFWAY
TO THE
TECHNODROME
BY NOW.
DON'T WORRY, FELLAS.
ONE OF THESE DAYS,
WE'LL CATCH THAT SHREDDER.
THERGY
IS FLOWING BACK
INTO THE SUN.
THERE. ALL BACK TO NORMAL.
NOW TO SHUT THIS THING
DOWN PERMANENTLY.
I HOPE THIS HAS
TAUGHT YOU ALL
A VALUABLE LESSON.
IT CERTAINLY HAS, MASTER.
I'VE LEARNED
NOT TO LET DOUBTS
GET IN THE WAY
OF MY DUTY.
AND I LEARNED
THAT I NEED TO
TRUST MY INSTINCTS
AS MUCH AS
MY INVENTIONS.
AND I LEARNED THAT
IT'S EASIER TO MAKE
WISECRACKS THAN DECISIONS.
EXCELLENT, MY STUDENTS,
AND WHAT DID YOU LEARN,
MICHELANGELO?
OH, THAT YOU GOT TO STICK
TO WHAT YOU DO BEST.
AND IN
THIS DUDE'S CASE,
THAT'S SCARFING
DOWN PIZZAS!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org